~ TOUHOU IN SPACE ~ (Working Title)


Story
	Backstory:
	The sun, moon, and planets are going crazy! The sun will be up one second, and then suddenly it will be night!
	The girls go out to investigate, because that's what they do. They decide to bring along partners to help with their
	travels, because space travel is hard.
	Story during the Game:
		Reimu Yukari Scenario:
			
		Reimu Suika Scenario:
			
		Marisa Nitori Scenario:
			
		Marisa Aya Scenario:
			
		Sakuya Patchy Scenario:
			
		Sakuya Eirin Scenario:
			
		
	
Characters

	Playable Characters
	
	Reimu Hakurei
		Partners:
			Yukari Yakumo -
				Unfocused Shot-type: Forward-Focus
				Focused Shot-type: Homing
				Bomb: Border Sign "Quadruple Barrier"
				Team Name: Boundry Breaking Shrine Maiden
				
			Suika Ibuki -
				Unfocused Shot-type: Homing
				Focused Shot-type: Spread
				Bomb: Oni Sign "Complete Massacre on Mt. Ooe"
				Team Name: Fantastic Drunken Shrine Maiden
				
	Marisa Kirisame
		Partners:
			Nitori Kawashiro -
				Unfocused Shot-type: Forward-Focus
				Focused Shot-type: Homing
				Bomb: Drown "Trauma in The Glimmering Depths"
				Team Name: Ordinary Magician Warhead
				
			Aya Shameimaru -
				Unfocused Shot-type: Spread
				Focused Shot-type: Forward-Focus
				Bomb: Blockade Sign "Terukuni Throughout the World"
				Team Name: Stardust Reporter of Dreams
				
	Sakuya Izayoi
		Partners:
			Patchouli Knowledge -
				Unfocused Shot-type: Spread
				Focused Shot-type: Homing
				Bomb: Fire Water Wood Metal Earth Sign "Philosopher's Stone"
				Team Name: Unmoving Time Library
				
			Eirin Yagokoro -
				Unfocused Shot-type: Forward-Focus
				Focused Shot-type: V-shaped
				Bomb: "Heaven Spider's Butterfly-Capturing Web"
				Team Name: Maid of the Moon
				
	Bosses
	
	Kirara Choko
		Ability: Manipulation of Chocolate
		Nickname: 
		Species: Nekomata
		Design: She has orange hair with a small white triangle right in the center that points to her nose. She's 
		wearing clothes similar to Nazarin's, but with a red neckpiece thing and a greyish dress that reaches to her 
		ankles. She's holding a chocolate bar that's partially in it's wrapper. She has deep red eyes.
		Personality:
		
	Suzume Takemori
		Ability: Manipulation of Movement
		Nickname: 
		Species: Tengu
		Design: 
		Personality:
		
	Harumichi Junko
		Ability: Manipulation of Aerodynamics/Atmosphere
		Nickname: 
		Species: Youkai
		Design: 
		Comments:
			"you have weather on the bottom layer
			then meteors
			then the ozone layer where UV becomes deadly
			then the aurorae

			"the ISS is higher than the atmosphere
			(for the most part)
			so after you beat the third stage boss
			the ISS just comes out of nowhere and tries to ram you
			like a one off thing
			the size of Unzan's fist or so"
		Personality:


	Mitsuko Omoiki
		Ability: Manipulation of Matter
		Nickname: 
		Species: Oni
		Design: 
		Personality:
		
	Satori Asakura
		Ability: Manipulation of Physics
		Nickname: 
		Species: Lunarian
		Design: 
		Personality:
		
	Haruzuki Hayabusani
		Ability: Manipulation of the Extraterrestrial
		Nickname: 
		Species: Godess
		Design: Dressed in robes sort of like Kaguya's, but black with white frills on the arms and bottom of the robes.
				The robes are embroidered with THE STARS THEMSELVES! Just dimmed down. She has a hair-bow colored white and yellow,
				like the sun and the moon. She has a small sun and moon orbiting her in her cutout. She's holding a
				small wooden rod with a wispy gas emiting from it, which is likely a galaxy in the making. She also 
				has hazel eyes and black hair that's similar to Kaguya's that reaches down to her hips.
		Comments:
			"I think her black hair might not show up against the dress
			[3/24/2014 11:56:08 PM] Toyguin: Oh yeah, true...
			[3/24/2014 11:56:34 PM] Starfries: I could make it really dark brown but I think some other colour would look good too
			[3/24/2014 11:56:36 PM] Toyguin: Perhaps... A deep blue for the dress?
			what about instead of a rod, a little paintbrush, like she's painting the stars
			[3/24/2014 11:57:55 PM] Toyguin: I like this idea. Reminds me of Okami, in a way.
			[3/24/2014 11:57:56 PM] Starfries: I'm thinking she'd do like a big sweep and draw the milky way
			[3/24/2014 11:58:55 PM] Starfries: and the little stars on her dress could be little drops of star that she got on herself by accident
			[3/24/2014 11:59:17 PM] Toyguin: Haha, I like it.
			[3/24/2014 11:59:24 PM] Starfries: I like the idea that she makes stars and galaxies
			[3/24/2014 11:59:29 PM] Starfries: real goddess stuff
			[12:02:39 AM] Starfries: I like the artist twist actually
			[12:02:49 AM] Starfries: the idea that she paints the sky and it becomes real
			[12:03:06 AM] Starfries: I don't think any touhou character has something like that
			[12:03:16 AM] Toyguin: Yeah, I like it too. I've actually got more ideas for spellcards now! Hecks yeah!
			[12:03:21 AM] Starfries: sweet!
			[12:04:01 AM] Toyguin: I mean, my primary idea was just space phenomena, solar flares, black holes, but now, I've got freaking art to add into the idea.
			[12:04:08 AM] Starfries: hehe
			[12:04:14 AM] Starfries: it's got a cool mystical feel to it
			[12:04:18 AM] Starfries: like a creation myth
			"
		Painted Space "Drops of Stars"

Personality:
		
	Dawn Greene
		Ability: Manipulation of Energy
		Nickname: 
		Species: Human
		Design: 
		Personality:
		
Level/environment design
	Stage 1:
		Location - Bamboo Forest of The Lost
		Title - Strange Encounter
		Midboss - Kirara Choko
		Boss - Kirara Choko
		
	Stage 2:
		Location - Eientei, Hallway to Space
		Title - Moon's Hallway
		Midboss - Kirara Choko
		Boss - Suzume Takemori
			
	Stage 3:
		Location - Above Gensokyo
		Title - Mesospheric Gensokyo
		Midboss - Harumichi Junko
		Boss - Harumichi Junko
				
	Stage 4:
		Location - Above Earth
		Title - The Blue Marble
		Midboss - Mitsuko Omoiki
		Boss -  Mitsuko Omoiki
				
	Stage 5:
		Location - Above the Moon
		Title - Lunatic Cage
		Midboss - Satori Asakura
		Boss - Satori Asakura
		
		Mass-Energy Equivalence - based on the idea that you can turn matter into energy and back
		A laser that stops just short of the player and turns into bullets
		Alternatively a laser that fires past the player and creates bullets where it hits the edge of the screen

		Nucleosynthesis - based on the idea of synthesizing new elements through nuclear fusion
		Bullets come from the all sides in a crisscrossing pattern and when they touch each other they turn into a bigger bullet

		Vacuum Fluctuation - based on the idea of virtual particles that appear and disappear constantly throughout space
		Pairs of bullets appear out of nothing, spin around, come back together and disappear.  Happens all over the screen though there is a small shadow to indicate when bullets are going to appear

		Cosmic Microwave Background - the radiation left over the the beginning of the universe
		Hyperbolic Geometry/Negative Curvature - what happens when your universe contains a lot of dark energy; it basically opposes gravity and tends to rip the universe apart on a large scale
		Dark Matter - most people of heard of this one; gravity and mass where you can't see it
		Maxwell's Demon - a theoretical/imaginary device that can reverse entropy by allowing only certain types of particles through
		basically a border card like Reimu's

		Stellar Evolution
		based on the idea of the death of a star; the star expands and gets bigger and bigger... and then suddenly collapses and explodes in a supernova
		maybe too similar to Okuu's last card

	Stage 6:
		Location - Outerspace (Likely flying past Mars.)
		Title - Unidentified, Flying, Fantastic Object
		Midboss - Satori Asakura
		Boss - Haruzuki Hayabusani
				
	Stage EX:
		Location - Above all the planets, then the Milky Way
		Title - Strange Anomoly
		Midboss - Kirara Choko
		Boss - Dawn Greene
				
Gameplay
	Like a typical Touhou game. No gimmicks or anything. Classic shm'up style.
Art
	
Sound and Music
	
User Interface, Game Controls

	Game Controls
		Normal Touhou controls.